.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/11/19  12:22:17  Cathy_Page
.\" 	Updated references to DECtalk documentation to reflect correct name.
.\" 	Updated usage message to reflect correct syntax.
.\" 	[1996/11/19  12:20:24  Cathy_Page]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  19:47:23  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved from man 3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  19:46:41  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.\"
.TH SAY 1dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH NAME
say \- Shell command to speak text using DECtalk Software
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B say
.RB [ \-h ]
[\fB\-r\fP \fI#\fP]
[\fB\-r\fP \fI#\fP]
[\fB\-d\fP \fI#\fP]
[\fB\-e\fP \fB#\fI]
[\fB\-fi\fP \fIfilename\fP]
[\fB\-fo\fP \fIfilename\fP]
[\fB\-a\fP \fItext\fP]
.SH FLAGS
.PP
.TP
.BI \-a text
Specifies a quoted string to be spoken,
at the end of which the program returns to the shell command prompt.
.TP
.BI \-d #
Selects the audio output device.
.TP
.BI \-e #
Selects the output wave file format, an integer in the range 1 to 3:
.RS
.TP
1
PCM, 16 bit Mono 11 KHz format
.TP
2
PCM, 8 bit Mono 11 KHz format
.TP
3
Mu-law, 8 bit Mono 8 KHz format
.RS
.TP
.BI \-fi filename
Specifies the name of an input ASCII file to synthesize.
.TP
.BI \-fo filename
Specifies the output wave file name.
The name defaults to
.BR dtmemory.c .
.TP
.B \-h
Displays the command line parameter list.
.TP
.BI \-r #
Specifies the speaking rate (75 to 650).
.TP
.BI \-s #
Selects the speaker (1 to 9).
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The say program is a command line program
that produces synthesized audio
of the input ascii text.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP   
.nf
    say -a "Hello world."

    say 
    Hello world.

    say -fi README.txt
.fi             
.SH RELATED INFORMATION
.PP
.BR dectalk (1dtk),
.BR audiocontrol (1mms),
.BR mmeserver (1mms)
.PP
DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide
