.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:28  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:33:56  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:04  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:03  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechGetCaps" 3dtk



.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechGetCaps\fP --- Returns the capabilities of the Text-To-Speech system.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechGetCaps\fP -- This
function provides the capabilities of the Text-To-Speech system
by filling in a structure of type TTS_CAPS_T. The caller must
have space allocated for this structure before calling this
function.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA
                  

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechGetCaps\fP
\fI(LPTTS_CAPS_T lpTTScaps)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_CAPS_T \fP
\fIlpTTScaps\fP Specifies a Text-To-Speech Handle
indentifies the the opened Text-To-Speech device.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

Information returned includes languages and proper-name
pronunciation support, sample rate, minimum and maximum speaking
rate, number of predefined speaking voices, character-set
supported, and version number. The following structures are
defined in include file ttsapi.h:


.\" MANDOC->Begin CODE_EXAMPLE
.EX

typedef struct TTS_CAPS_TAG
{
 DWORD dwNumberOfLanguages;
 LPLANGUAGE_PARAMS_T lpLanguageParamsArray;
 DWORD dwSampleRate;
 DWORD dwMinimumSpeakingRate;
 DWORD dwMaximumSpeakingRate;
 DWORD dwNumberOfPredefinedSpeakers;
 DWORD dwCharacterSet;
 DWORD Version;
} TTS_CAPS_T;

.EE
.\" MANDOC->End CODE_EXAMPLE

.PP

lpLanguageParamsArray is the pointer to an array of structures of
type LANGUAGE_PARAMS_T. There are "dwNumberOfLanguages" elements
in the array.


.\" MANDOC->Begin CODE_EXAMPLE
.EX

typedef struct LANGUAGE_PARAMS_TAG
{
 LANGUAGE_T dwLanguage;
 DWORD dwLanguageAttributes;
} LANGUAGE_PARAMS_T;
typedef LANGUAGE_PARAMS_T * LPLANGUAGE_PARAMS_T;

.EE
.\" MANDOC->End CODE_EXAMPLE

.PP

The language field of structure type LANGUAGE_PARAMS_T equals the
following value defined in include file ttsapi.h:


.\" MANDOC->Begin CODE_EXAMPLE
.EX

TTS_AMERICAN_ENGLISH
.EE
.\" MANDOC->End CODE_EXAMPLE

.PP

The dwLanguageAttributes field of the structure can contain one
or more of the following constants defined in include file
ttsapi.h:

.\" MANDOC->Begin CODE_EXAMPLE
.EX

PROPER_NAME_PRONUNCIATION
.EE
.\" MANDOC->End CODE_EXAMPLE

.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was NULL.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
The pointer to the
TTS_CAPS_T structure was invalid.
T}
.sp .TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE



