.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.4  1996/02/16  14:38:21  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Put the the . on the TH
.\" 	[1996/02/16  14:38:11  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:25  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:33:49  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:08:57  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:04:56  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechCloseInMemory" 3dtk
 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechCloseInMemory\fP --- Terminates the Text-To-Speech memory capability.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechCloseInMemory\fP --- This function
terminates the Text-To-Speech memory capability and returns the
Text-To-Speech
system to its startup state. If audio is enabled at
startup, speech samples are routed to the audio device.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT
\fBTextToSpeechCloseInMemory\fP 
\fI(LPPTS_HANDLE_T phTTS)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP \fIphTTS\fP
.br
A pointer
to a Text-To-Speech handle.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The TextToSpeechOpenInMemory() function must be called before
calling this function.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM@T{
Invalid parameter.
T}
.sp

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Output to memory not enabled or unable
to create a system object.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechAddBuffer\fP(3)

.br
\fITextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP(3)

.br
\fITextToSpeechStartup\fP(3) 

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


