.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:38  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:15  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:27  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:29  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP --- Opens a file to output synthesized speech.

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP --- This function
opens the named file for speech output as a wave file. 
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA
                         
.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP
\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, pszFileName FileName, DWORD
dwFormat)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP
\fIphTTS\fP Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle and
identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device.

.br

.br

\fBPSZFileName\fP
\fIFileName\fP Specifies a pointer to a file name.

.br

.br

\fBDWORD\fP \fIdwFormat\fP Determines the
audio sample format. It can be one of the following constants
that are defined in include files mmsystem.h and dtmmedefs.h:

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);

lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

WAVE_FORMAT_1M08@T{
Mono 8-bit, 11.025 kHz sample rate
T}
.sp
WAVE_FORMAT_1M16@T{
Mono 16-bit, 11.025 kHz sample rate
T}
.sp
WAVE_FORMAT_08M08@T{
Mono 8-bit, mu-law 8 kHz sample
rate
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 



.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

If an application calls the TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile()
function, all subsequent calls to the TextToSpeechSpeak()
function write the audio to a wave file until the
TextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile() function is called. The
TextToSpeechStartup() function must be called to start the Text-To-Speech 
system before calling this function.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM@T{
An invalid parameter was passed.
Illegal wave output format.
T}
.sp 
MMSYSERR_NOMEM@T{
Memory allocation error.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ALLOCATED@T{
A wave file is already open.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Unable to open the wave file. Unable
to write to the wave file.
T}
.sp 
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile\fP

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

