.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:55  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:43  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:12:10  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:06:26  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary\fP --- Unloads a user dictionary. 
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary\fP --- This function
unloads a user dictionary. You must unload any previously loaded
dictionary before you can load a new one. That is, only one user
dictionary can be loaded at a time.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary\fP
\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP
\fIphTTS\fP  Specifies a text-to-speech handle and identifies  
the opened Text-To-Speech device.                                        
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

A user dictionary is created using the userdic program.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION
.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp 
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary\fP(3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

