.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:46  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:28  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:45  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:50  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechSetRate" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechSetRate\fP -- Sets the Text-To-Speech speaking rate. 
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechSetRate\fP -- This function sets
the Text-To-Speech speaking rate.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechSetRate\fP
\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, DWORD dwRate)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T \fP
\fIphTTS\fP Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle
and identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device.

.br

.br

\fBDWORD\fP
\fIdwRate\fP
.br
Sets the speaking rate. Valid values
range from 75 to 600 words per minute.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The speaking rate change is not effective until the next phrase
boundary. All the queued audio encountered before the phrase
boundary is unaffected.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:


.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM@T{
An invalid parameter was passed.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechGetRate\fP (3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 
                   

