.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.4  1996/02/16  15:52:31  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Removed extrblank space
.\" 	[1996/02/16  15:52:02  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:31  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:00  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:20:53  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:20:30  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechGetRate" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechGetRate\fP --- Returns the current setting of the speaking rate.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis

\fBTextToSpeechGetRate\fP --- This
function returns the current setting of the speaking rate.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechGetRate\fP
\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, LPDWORD pdwRate)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP
\fIphTTS \fP Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle and
identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device.

.br

.br

\fBLPDWORD\fP
\fIpdwRate\fP This parameter returns the speaking
rate. Valid values range from 75 to 600 words per minute.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The current setting of the speaking rate is returned even if the
speaking rate change has not occurred. (The speaking-rate change
occurs on clause boundaries.)
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION
.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT.
The value is zero if the function is successful. The return value
is one of the following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp 
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechSetRate\fP(3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

