.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:39  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:17  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:09:00  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:32  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechPause" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechPause\fP --- Pauses Text-To-Speech output.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechPause\fP --- This function pauses
Text-To-Speech output.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechPause\fP \fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T \fP
\fIphTTS \fP Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle and identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The Text-To-Speech system remains paused until one of the following functions is called:
.\" MANDOC->Begin UNNUMBERED LIST


.IP \(bu 3
TextToSpeechResume()

.IP \(bu 3
TextToSpeechSync()

.IP \(bu 3
 TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile() 
.\" MANDOC->End LIST

.PP

If the wave output (audio) device is being shared by the Text-To-
Speech system, and the TextToSpeechPause() function is called
while the system is speaking, the wave output device is not
released until one of the functions listed at the beginning of
this description section is called and the system finishes speaking
or the TextToSpeechReset() function is called.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION
.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The specified device handle is NULL. 
The system is not speaking or the Text-To-Speech handle is invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechResume\fP(3)

.br
\fITextToSpeechSync\fP(3)

.br
\fITextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP(3)


.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


