.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:23  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:33:47  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:07:25  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:04:47  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechAddBuffer" 3dtk



.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechAddBuffer\fP --- Adds a buffer to memory.  
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechAddBuffer\fP --- This
function adds a buffer to the memory list that the DECtalk Software
uses when the application is using the speech-to-memory capability.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT 
\fBTextToSpeechAddBuffer\fP \fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, LPTTS_BUFFER_T pSpeechBuffer)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP \fIphTTS\fP
.br
A pointer
to a structure of type TTS_HANDLE_T.

.br

.br

\fBLPTTS_BUFFER_T\fP
\fIpSpeechBuffer\fP
.br
A pointer to a structure of type TTS_BUFFER_T.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The application must have previously called the TextToSpeechOpenInMemory() function before calling this function.
The buffer is passed using the structure TTS_BUFFER_T. The user
must allocate the structure and the memory buffer. The Text-To-Speech system
returns the buffer to the application when the buffer is full.

.PP
The structure of type TTS_BUFFER is returned to the
application by means of a callback function that corresponds to
the callback function passed to the TextToSpeechStartup()
function. A pointer to the structure of the type TTS_BUFFER_T is
in the LPARAM field of the message.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION


.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM@T{
Invalid parameter.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Output to memory not enabled or unable
to create a system object.
T}
.sp 
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The
Text-To-Speech handle was NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechReturnBuffer\fP(3)

.br
\fITextToSpeechStartup\fP(3)

.br
\fITextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP(3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


