.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:49  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:34  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:52  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:06:00  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechShutdown" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechShutdown\fP --- Shuts down and frees resources used by Text-To-Speech.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechShutdown\fP --- This function
shuts down and frees all system resources used by the Text-To-Speech
system.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechShutdown\fP\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP
\fIphTTS\fP  Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle and identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

This function is called when you close an application. Any user-defined 
dictionaries, which were previously loaded, are automatically unloaded.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:


.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechStartup\fP(3)


.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


