.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:53  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:41  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:12:05  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:06:24  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechSync" 3dtk



.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechSync\fP --- Blocks new input until previously queued text has been processed. 
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechSync\fP --- This function
blocks all new input until all previously queued text has been
processed. This function automatically resumes audio output if
the Text-To-Speech system has been paused by the
TextToSpeechPause() function.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT
\fBTextToSpeechSync\fP\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T \fP
\fIphTTS\fP Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle
and identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

This function automatically resumes audio output if the Text-To-Speech system 
is in a paused state by a previously issued
TextToSpeechPause() function.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Unable to complete queued text.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp 
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechPause\fP(3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

