.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:27  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:33:54  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:20:57  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:20:25  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile" 3dtk



.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile\fP --- Closes the current Text-To-Speech wave file.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile\fP --- This
function closes the current Text-To-Speech wave file.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA
                    

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile\fP
\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T \fP
\fIphTTS\fP  Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle
and identifies the  the opened
Text-To-Speech device.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The application must have previously called the TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile() function before calling this
function.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants: 

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Failure to wait for pending speech.
Unable to update wave file header. Unable to close the
wave file.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP(3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 



