.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:40  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:20  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:30  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:35  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechReset" 3dtk



.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechReset\fP --- Flushes all previously queued text.
and stops any audio output.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechReset\fP --- This function
flushes all previously queued text from the Text-To-Speech system
and stops any audio output.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechReset\fP
\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, BOOL bReset)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T \fP
\fIphTTS\fP Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle
and identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device. 
.br

.br

\fBBOOL bReset\fP  bReset is one of the
following Boolean values:
    
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);

lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Value@Description
.sp 6p

FALSE@T{
Preserves the current mode of the Text-To-Speech system.
T}
.sp
TRUE@T{
The speaking mode is set to MODE_CITATION, any of the open files are closed, and the Text-To-Speech system is
returned to the startup state.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The file is closed if the application has called the

.br
TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile() function or the

.br
TextToSpeechOpenLogFile() function and if bReset has a value of
TRUE. Then, the TextToSpeechReset() function flags all previously
queued text and stops all audio output. If the
TextToSpeechOpenInMemory() function has enabled outputting the
speech samples to memory, then all queued TTS_BUFFER_T structures
are returned to the application through the callback function passed to the TextToSpeechStartup() Function.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM@T{
Unable to allocate memory.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Unable to flush the system.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was NULL.
T}
.sp 
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


 
