.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:43  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:24  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:38  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:44  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechReturnBuffer" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechReturnBuffer\fP --- Returns the current in-memory speech buffer.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechReturnBuffer\fP --- This function
returns the current buffer when an application is using the Text-To-Speech
syste
m's speech-to-memory capability. The buffer can be
empty or partially full when it is returned. The dwBufferLength
element of the TTS_BUFFER_T structure contains the number of
samples in the buffer. If no buffer is available, then a NULL
pointer is returned in \fIppSpeechBuffer\fP.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechReturnBuffer\fP
\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, LPTTS_BUFFER_T
*ppSpeechBuffer)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP
\fIphTTS\fP A pointer to a structure of type
TTS_HANDLE_T.

.br

.br

\fBLPTTS_BUFFER_T\fP
\fI*ppSpeechBuffer\fP A pointer to an LPTTS_BUFFER_T
pointer.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

Most applications do not require this function because buffers
are automatically returned when filled or when a TTS_FORCE flag
is passed in the TextToSpeechSpeak() function. The
TextToSpeechReturnBuffer() function is provided so that an application can
return a buffer before it is filled and, therefore, obtain more
speech samples immediately.

.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:


.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM@T{
An invalid parameter was passed.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Output to memory not enabled or unable
to create a system object.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechAddBuffer\fP(3)

.br
\fITextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP(3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 







