.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:50  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:36  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:57  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:06:10  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechSpeak" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechSpeak\fP --- Queues a string to the Text-To-Speech system.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechSpeak\fP --- This function
queues a null-terminated string to the Text-To-Speech system.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT
\fBTextToSpeechSpeak\fP \fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, 
LPSTR pszTextString, DWORD dwFlags)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP
\fIphTTS\fP 
Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle and identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device.

.br

.br

\fBLPSTR\fP
\fIpszTextString\fP Specifies a pointer to a null
terminated string of characters to be queued.

.br

.br

\fBDWORD\fP
\fIdwFlags \fP Specifies if the text is to be pushed
through the Text-To-Speech system even if it does not end on a clause
boundary. It can be set to one of the following constants defined
in include file ttsapi.h:

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);

lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constants@Description
.sp 6p

TTS_NORMAL@T{
Insert characters in the text queue.
T}
.sp
TTS_FORCE@T{
Insert characters in the text queue and
force all text to be output.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The speaker, speaking rate, and volume can also be changed in the
text string by inserting voice-control commands as shown in the
following example:


.\" MANDOC->Begin CODE_EXAMPLE
.EX
[:n paul] I am Paul. [:n betty] I am Betty. [:volume
set 50]. The volume has been set to 50% of the  maximum level. [:ra 120]
I am speaking at 120 words per minute.

.EE
.\" MANDOC->End CODE_EXAMPLE

.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM@T{
Unable to allocate memory.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE
                      

