.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:36  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:10  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:20  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:22  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechOpenInMemory" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP --- Allows speech to be stored in-memory buffers supplied by the application. 
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP --- The
TextToSpeechOpenInMemory() function allows speech to be stored in
memory buffers supplied by the application. These buffers are
passed to the Text-To-Speech system using the
TextToSpeechAddBuffer() function.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP
\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, DWORD dwFormat)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T \fP
\fIphTTS\fP 
A pointer to a Text-To-Speech handle.

.br

.br

\fBDWORD\fP
\fB\fP \fIdwFormat\fP An identifier that
determines the audio sample format. It is one of the following
constants defined in the include files mmsystem.h and ttsapi.h:
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);

lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

WAVE_FORMAT_1M08@T{
Mono, 8-bit 11.025 kHz sample rate
T}
.sp
WAVE_FORMAT_1M16@T{
Mono, 16-bit 11.025 kHz sample rate
T}
.sp
WAVE_FORMAT_08M08@T{
Mono, 8-bit mu-law 8 kHz sample rate
T}
.sp 
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The buffer is passed using the structure  TTS_BUFFER_T. The user
must allocate the structure and the memory buffer. The
Text-To-Speech system returns the buffer to the application when
the buffer is full. The TextToSpeechStartup() function must be
called to start the Text-To-Speech system before calling this
function.
.PP
The buffer is sent in a message to the callback function that
corresponds to the callback function passed to the
TextToSpeechStartup() function. A pointer to the structure of the
type TTS_BUFFER_T is in the LPARAM field of the message.

.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM@T{
An invalid parameter was passed.
(An illegal output format value.)
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM@T{
Unable to allocate memory.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Illegal output state.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechAddBuffer\fP(3)

.br
\fITextToSpeechCloseInMemory\fP(3)

.br
\fITextToSpeechReturnBuffer\fP(3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 



