.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:37  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:12  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:24  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:26  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechOpenLogFile" 3dtk



.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP --- Creates a file to log text, phonemes, or syllables.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP --- This function
creates a file that contains either text, phonemes, or syllables.
The phonemes and syllables are written using the arpabet
alphabet. After calling this function, all subsequent calls to the
TextToSpeechSpeak() function cause the log data to be written to
a specified file until the TextToSpeechCloseLogFile() function is
called.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP
\fI(LPTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, char* FileName, DWORD dwFLAGS)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP
\fIphTTS\fP A pointer to a Text-To-Speech handle.

.br

.br

\fBchar*\fP
\fIFileName\fP 
A pointer of type char that points to a null terminated
file name.

.br

.br

\fBDWORD\fP
\fIdwFlags\fP Specifies the type of output. It can
be a combination of one or more of the following constants:
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);

lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

LOG_PHONEMES@T{
Log phonemes
T}
.sp
LOG_SYLLABLES@T{
Log name syllable structure 
T}
.sp
LOG_TEXT@T{
Log text
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

If more than one of the flags are passed, then the logged output
is mixed in an unpredictable fashion. If there is already a log
file open, this function returns an error. The voice-control command,
Log [:Log] has no effect when a log file is already open.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION
.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM@T{
 An invalid parameter was passed.
T}
.sp
 MMSYSERR_NOMEM@T{
Unable to allocate memory.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ALLOCATED@T{
A phoneme file is already open.
T}
.sp
 MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Unable to open the output file.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also

                                                        

\fITextToSpeechCloseLogFile\fP(3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

