.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:33  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:06  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:14  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:15  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechGetStatus" 3dtk


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechGetStatus\fP --- Returns the status of the Text-To-Speech system
parameters.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechGetStatus\fP --- This
function returns the status of one or more Text-To-Speech system
parameters.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechGetStatus\fP
\fI( LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, DWORD dwIdentifier[ ],
DWORD dwStatus[ ], DWORD dwNumberOfStatusValues)\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP
\fIphTTS\fP Specifies a Text-To-Speech handle
and identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device.

.br

.br

\fBDWORD\fP
\fIdwIdentifier[ ]\fP An array of values of type DWORD
that contains identifiers specifying the status values to return
in array dwStatus[ ]. These values can be one of the following
constants defined in include file ttsapi.h:

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);

lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

INPUT_CHARACTER_COUNT@T{
Returns a count of characters
in the Text-To-Speech input queue.
T}
.sp
STATUS_SPEAKING@T{
The status value is TRUE if audio
samples are playing and FALSE if no audio sample is playing.
T}
.sp
WAVE_OUT_DEVICE@T{
The current wave output device ID is
returned.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.PP

\fBDWORD\fP \fIdwStatus[ ]\fP
 An array of type DWORD that contains the status values
corresponding to each of the identifiers in array 
.br
dwIdentifier[ ].

.PP
\fBDWORD\fP \fIdwNumberOfStatusValues\fP
 A DWORD that contains the number of entries to return.

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

The STATUS_SPEAKING status identifier has no meaning if the
application is sending speech to a wave file or speech to memory.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION

.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:


.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST

.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM@T{
An invalid parameter was passed.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR @T{
Error obtaining status values.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was
NULL.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE


