.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:34  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:08  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:18  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:19  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary" 3dtk



.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Name

\fBTextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary\fP --- Loads a user-defined pronunciation dictionary.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA
.SH Synopsis 

\fBTextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary\fP --- This function
loads a user-defined pronunciation dictionary into the Text-To-Speech
system.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA
       
.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Syntax

MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary\fP
\fI(LPTTS_HANDLE_T phTTS, char * FileName )\fP
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH Arguments

\fBLPTTS_HANDLE_T\fP
\fI phTTS\fP Specifies a Text-To-Speech Handle
and identifies the opened Text-To-Speech device.

.br

.br

\fBchar* \fP
\fIFileName\fP 
Specifies a pointer to a file name of a user-specified dictionary
file.
.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 


.\" MANDOC->Begin DESCRIPTION
.SH Description

This function loads a dictionary created by the userdic applet.
The Text-To-Speech system loads a default user dictionary at
startup if it finds a file named user.dic in the default directory or in the
DECtalk Software directory /usr/lib/dtk. Any previously loaded
user dictionary must be unloaded before loading a new user dictionary.
.\" MANDOC->End DESCRIPTION
.\" MANDOC->Begin RSDEFLIST
.SH Return Values

This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:

.br

.\" MANDOC->End RSDEFLIST
.\" MANDOC->Begin TABLE
.PP
.TS
tab(@);


lfR lfR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p

MMSYSERR_NOERROR@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE@T{
The Text-To-Speech handle was NULL.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM@T{
Unable to allocate memory for dictionary.
T}
.sp 
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM@T{
Dictionary file not found. (Invalid dictionary file name.)
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR@T{
Illegal dictionary format or a dictionary is already loaded.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.\" MANDOC->End TABLE

.\" MANDOC->Begin TEMPLATE_PARA 
.SH See Also



\fITextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary\fP(3)

.\" MANDOC->End TEMPLATE_PARA 

