.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:40  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:20  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:30  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:35  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechReset" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechReset\fP \-
Flushes all previously queued text and stops any audio output.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechReset\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                           BOOL \fIbReset\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "BOOL \fIbReset\fP" 20
Specifies one of the
following Boolean values:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Value@Description
.sp 6p
FALSE
@T{
If the text-to-speech system is in a special mode (such as log-file,
wave-file, or speech-to-memory mode), the current mode is preserved.
T}
.sp
TRUE
@T{
The text-to-speech system is returned to the startup state and any open
text-to-speech files are closed.  However, if the text-to-speech system has
been paused by TextToSpeechPause(), TextToSpeechReset() will not resume it.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH Description
.PP
This function flushes all previously queued text from the text-to-speech
system and stops any audio output.  If the TextToSpeechOpenInMemory() function
has enabled writing speech samples to memory, all queued memory
buffers are returned to the calling application.  If the bReset flag is TRUE
and the text-to-speech system is in one of its special modes (log-file,
wave-file, or speech-to-memory), all files are closed and the
text-to-speech system is returned to the startup state.
.PP
TextToSpeechReset() should be called before calling
TextToSpeechCloseInMemory().  Failing to do this in a situation where the
synthesizer is busy may result in a deadlock.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM
@T{
Unable to allocate memory.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR
@T{
Unable to flush the system.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
Special Text-To-Speech Modes (DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide)
.PP
\fITextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechPause\fP(3dtk)

