.TH "TextToSpeechCloseLang" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechCloseLang\fP \-
Closes an instance of an installed language and attempts to unload
it from the DECtalk Multi-Language (ML) engine.
.SH Syntax
.EX
BOOL \fBTextToSpeechCloseLang\fP (char \fI*lang\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "char \fI*lang\fP" 20
Specifies the language being unloaded; passed as a null-terminated string
containing the two-character language ID.
.SH Description
.PP
This function 
closes an instance of an installed language and attempts to unload
it from the DECtalk Multi-Language (ML) engine.
.PP
Call this function for each thread using the selected language.  When a thread
returns TRUE, the language is freed and can be uninstalled or upgraded.
.PP
A return value of FALSE may indicate invalid passing of the lang variable
or more instances of the language still loaded.  If there are more
instances, the function frees the current instance and returns FALSE.
.PP
After calling TextToSpeechCloseLang(), assume that the language handle is no
longer valid.
.SH Return Values
.PP
Returns TRUE when a language is successfully unloaded, or FALSE when the operation cannot be
completed or more instances have the thread started.
.SH Example
.EX
BOOL stop_us (void) {
     if (TextToSpeechCloseLang ("us") == FALSE {
         printf ("Another thread has the language\en");
         printf ("still loaded.\en");
         return FALSE;
     }
     printf ("The language has been freed.\en");
     return TRUE;
 }
.EE
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechEnumLangs\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechSelectLang\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechStartLang\fP(3dtk)
