.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:27  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:33:54  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:20:57  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:20:25  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile\fP \-
Closes a wave file.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.SH Description
.PP
This function closes a wave file opened by the TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile()
function and returns to the startup state.
The speech samples are then
ignored or sent to an audio device, depending on the setting of the
dwDeviceOptions parameter in the startup function.
.PP
The application must call TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile() before
calling TextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile().
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR
@T{
Failure to wait for pending speech,
unable to update the wave file header, or unable to close the
wave file.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP(3dtk)
