.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:39  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:17  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:09:00  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:32  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechPause" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechPause\fP \-
Pauses text-to-speech audio output.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechPause\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.SH Description
.PP
This function pauses text-to-speech audio output.  This call affects only
the audio output and has no effect when writing log files or wave files, or
when using the speech-to-memory capability of the text-to-speech system.
.PP
If the text-to-speech system owns the audio device (that is,
OWN_AUDIO_DEVICE was specified in the startup function), then the
text-to-speech system remains paused until TextToSpeechResume(),
TextToSpeechSync(), TextToSpeechOpenInMemory(), TextToSpeechOpenLogFile(),
or TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile() is called.
.PP
If the text-to-speech system does not own the audio device (OWN_AUDIO_DEVICE
was NOT specified in the startup function) and TextToSpeechPause() is called
while the system is speaking, the text-to-speech system remains paused until
the system has completed speaking.  In this case, the wave output device is
released when TextToSpeechReset() is called.  It will also be released if
TextToSpeechSync(), TextToSpeechOpenInMemory(), TextToSpeechOpenLogFile(),
or TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile() is called AND the system has completed
speaking.
.PP
Note that TextToSpeechPause() will NOT resume audio output if the
text-to-speech system is paused by TextToSpeechPause().
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The specified device handle is invalid.
The system is not speaking or the text-to-speech handle is invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechReset\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechResume\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechSpeak\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechSync\fP(3dtk)
