.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:32  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:03  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:11  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:12  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechGetSpeaker" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechGetSpeaker\fP \-
Returns the value of the identifier for the last voice that has spoken.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechGetSpeaker\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                                LPSPEAKER_T \fIlpSpeaker\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "LPSPEAKER_T \fIlpSpeaker\fP" 20
Specifies a pointer to a DWORD that returns a speaker value from the following list.
These symbols are defined in the include file
ttsapi.h.
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Speaker@Description
.sp 6p
PAUL
@T{
Default (male) voice
T}
.sp
HARRY
@T{
Full male voice
T}
.sp
FRANK
@T{
Aged male voice
T}
.sp
DENNIS
@T{
Male voice
T}
.sp
BETTY
@T{
Full female voice
T}
.sp
URSULA
@T{
Aged female voice
T}
.sp
WENDY
@T{
Whispering female voice
T}
.sp
RITA
@T{
Female voice
T}
.sp
KIT
@T{
Child's voice
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH Description
.PP
This function returns the value of the identifier for the last voice that
has spoken.
.PP
Note that even after calling TextToSpeechSetSpeaker(),
TextToSpeechGetSpeaker() returns the value for the previous
speaking voice
until the new voice actually speaks.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechSetSpeaker\fP(3dtk)
