.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:55  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:43  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:12:10  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:06:26  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" Revision 4.6 7/26/1999 Jeff Staples
.\"     Minor changes
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary\fP \-
Unloads a user dictionary.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies a text-to-speech handle identifying the opened text-to-speech
handle.
.SH Description
.PP
This function unloads a user dictionary. You must unload any previously
loaded dictionary before you can load a new one. That is, only one user
dictionary can be loaded at a time.
.PP
A user dictionary is created using the User Dictionary Build tool.
.PP
If you build an application for the static version of DECtalk, you must include the winmm.lib
file in the list of input files for the linker.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The return value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary\fP(3dtk)
.PP
Dictionary Functions (DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide)
