.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:37  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:12  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:24  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:26  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechOpenLogFile" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP \-
Initiates log-file mode, allowing speech samples to be written as text,
phonemes, or syllables into a specified log file.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                                 LPSTR \fIpszFileName\fP,
                                 DWORD \fIdwFLAGS\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "LPSTR \fIpszFileName\fP" 20
Specifies a pointer to a NULL-terminated string that specifies the name of the log
file to be opened.
.IP "DWORD \fIdwFlags\fP" 20
Specifies the type of output. It can
contain one or more of the following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
LOG_TEXT
@T{
Log text
T}
.sp
LOG_PHONEMES
@T{
Log phonemes
T}
.sp
LOG_SYLLABLES
@T{
Log syllable structure
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH Description
.PP
This function opens the specified log file and causes the text-to-speech
system to enter the log-file mode,
in which speech samples are written as text, phonemes, or syllables
into the log file each time TextToSpeechSpeak() is called.
The phonemes and syllables are written using the arpabet
alphabet. The text-to-speech system remains in the log-file mode
until TextToSpeechCloseLogFile() is called.
.PP
If more than one of the dwFlags are passed, the logged output is mixed
in an unpredictable fashion. If a log file is already open, this function
returns an error. The Log voice-control command also has no effect when a
log file is already open.
.PP
The startup function must be called to start the text-to-speech system
before calling TextToSpeechOpenLogFile().
.PP
TextToSpeechOpenLogFile() automatically resumes audio ouput if the
text-to-speech system is in a paused state due to a previous
TextToSpeechPause() call.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM
@T{
An invalid parameter was passed.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM
@T{
Unable to allocate memory.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ALLOCATED
@T{
A phoneme file is already open.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR
@T{
Unable to open the output file.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
Log-File Mode (DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide)
.PP
\fITextToSpeechCloseLogFile\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechPause\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechReset\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechSpeak\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechStartup\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechStartupEx\fP(3dtk)
