.TH "TextToSpeechStartupEx" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechStartup\fP \-
Initializes the text-to-speech system.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechStartupEx\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fI*phtTTS\fP,
                               UINT \fIuiDeviceNumber\fP,
                               DWORD \fIdwDeviceOptions\fP,
                               VOID \fI(*DtCallbackRoutine)()\fP,
                               LONG \fIdwCallbackParameter\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fI*phTTS\fP" 20
Specifies a pointer to a pointer to a text-to-speech handle.
.IP "UINT \fIuiDeviceNumber\fP" 20
Specifies the device number of the wave output device. A
value of WAVE_MAPPER can be used to select the first available
device.
.IP "DWORD \fIdwDeviceOptions\fP" 20
Specifies how the wave output device is managed. It can be
a combination of the device-option constants OWN_AUDIO_DEVICE,
REPORT_OPEN_ERROR, and DO_NOT_USE_AUDIO_DEVICE, which
are defined in the include
file ttsapi.h and described at the end of this section.
.IP "VOID \fI*(DtCallbackRoutine)()\fP" 20
Specifies a callback routine, which is used by DECtalk Software to
inform the application when the buffer is full (if DECtalk Software
in-memory calls are being used) or when the TextToSpeechSpeak() function
encounters an index mark.  Refer to the DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide,
Callback Routines and Window Procedures section for information about the
argument list for the callback routine.
A value of NULL should be passed if no callback routine is desired.
.IP "LONG \fIdwCallbackParameter\fP" 20
Specifies a pointer to a user-specified parameter. This is used
to pass parameters into the callback routine.
A value of NULL should be passed if no user-specified parameters are
desired.
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Device-Option Constant@Description
.sp 6p
OWN_AUDIO_DEVICE 
@T{
The wave output device is opened.
No other process can allocate the wave output device until
TextToSpeechShutdown() is called.
IF OWN_AUDIO_DEVICE is NOT specified, the wave output device is opened after
audio is queued by the TextToSpeechSpeak() function.  The wave output device
is released when the text-to-speech system has completed speaking.
T}
.sp
REPORT_OPEN_ERROR
@T{
If an attempt is made to open the wave output device while another process
owns it, a callback is made to the callback routine specified
in the DtCallbackRoutine parameter.
T}
.sp
DO_NOT_USE_AUDIO_DEVICE
@T{
When this flag is set, speech samples are ignored until one of the
text-to-speech special modes (log-file, wave-file, or speech-to-memory)
is set.  The special modes can be used to write the speech samples to log
files, wave files, or memory buffers.  No error is returned if a wave output
device is not present.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH Description
.PP
This function initializes the text-to-speech system; defines the callback
routine; checks for valid licenses; and loads the main and user
pronunciation dictionaries.
.PP
A single process can run multiple instances of DECtalk.
.PP
If a callback routine is defined, DECtalk Software will alert the
calling application when a buffer is filled while in speech-to-memory mode,
when an error occurs, or when an index mark is encountered.
.PP
The default parameters are:
.IP \(bu 3
Language: American English
.IP \(bu 3
Speaking rate: 200 words per minute
.IP \(bu 3
Speaker: Paul
.PP
.SH Restrictions
.PP
Callback routines should not contain calls to any TextToSpeech*() functions;
doing so may cause an application crash in the calling application.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NODRIVER
@T{
No wave output device present.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM
@T{
Memory allocation error.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR
@T{
DECtalk dictionary not found.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_BADDEVICE_ID 
@T{
Device ID out of range.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ALLOCATED
@T{
License exists but no more units available.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOTENABLED
@T{
License does not exist.
T}
.sp
WAVERR_BADFORMAT
@T{
Wave output device does not support the request format.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
Callback Routines and Window Procedures (DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide)
.PP
Dictionary Functions (Linux and UNIX) (DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide)
.PP
\fITextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary\fP(3),
\fITextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP(3),
\fITextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP(3),
\fITextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP(3),
\fITextToSpeechShutdown\fP(3),
\fITextToSpeechSpeak\fP(3),
\fITextToSpeechStartup\fP(3),
\fITextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary\fP(3)
