.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:50  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:36  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:57  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:06:10  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechSpeak" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechSpeak\fP \-
Queues a null-terminated string to the text-to-speech system.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechSpeak\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                           LPSTR \fIpszTextString\fP,
                           DWORD \fIdwFlags\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "LPSTR \fIpszTextString\fP" 20
Specifies a pointer to a null-terminated string of characters to be queued.
.IP "DWORD \fIdwFlags\fP" 20
Specifies whether the text is to be pushed
through the text-to-speech system even if it does NOT end on a clause
boundary. The parameter can be set to one of the following constants defined
in include file ttsapi.h:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constants@Description
.sp 6p
TTS_NORMAL
@T{
Insert characters in the text-to-speech queue.
T}
.sp
TTS_FORCE
@T{
Insert characters in the text-to-speech queue and
force all text to be output, even if the text stream does NOT end on a
clause boundary.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH Description
.PP
This function queues a null-terminated string to the text-to-speech system.
.PP
While the text-to-speech system is in the startup state, speech samples are
routed to the audio device or ignored, depending on whether the startup
function flag DO_NOT_USE_AUDIO_DEVICE is clear or set in the
dwDeviceOptions parameter of the startup function.
.PP
If the text-to-speech system is in a special mode (wave-file, log-file, or
speech-to-memory modes), the speech samples are handled as the mode dictates.
.PP
The speaker, speaking rate, and volume can be changed in the
text string by inserting voice-control commands, as shown in the
following example:
.PP
[:name paul] I am Paul. [:nb] I am Betty. [:volume
set 50] The volume has been set to 50% of the maximum level. [:rate 120]
I am speaking at 120 words per minute.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM
@T{
Unable to allocate memory.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
Special Text-To-Speech Modes (DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide)
.PP
\fITextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechStartup\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechStartupEx\fP(3dtk)
