.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:23  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:33:47  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:07:25  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:04:47  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechAddBuffer" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechAddBuffer\fP \-
Adds a memory buffer to the text-to-speech system.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechAddBuffer\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                               LPTTS_BUFFER_T \fIpTTSBuffer\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "LPTTS_BUFFER_T \fIpTTSbuffer\fP" 20
Points to a structure containing the memory buffers.  Buffers are
supplied by the application to be used while in speech-to-memory mode.
.SH Description
.PP
This function supplies a memory buffer to the text-to-speech system.  This
memory buffer is used to store speech samples while DECtalk is in the
speech-to-memory mode.
.PP
The application must call TextToSpeechOpenInMemory()
before calling TextToSpeechAddBuffer().  The memory buffer is passed using the
TTS_BUFFER_T structure. The user must allocate the structure and its
associated elements (memory buffer, phoneme array, and index mark array).
Refer to the DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide, Speech-To-Memory Mode
section for more information on the TTS_BUFFER_T structure and its elements.
.PP
The text-to-speech system returns the buffer to the application when
the memory buffer, phoneme array, or index mark array is full or when a
TTS_FORCE was used in the TextToSpeechSpeak() call.  Refer to the DECtalk
Software Programmer's Guide, Callback Routines and Window Procedures section
for details on passing information back to the calling
application.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The return value is zero
if the call is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM
@T{
Invalid parameter.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR
@T{
Output to memory not enabled or unable
to create a system object.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechReturnBuffer\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechStartup\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechStartupEx\fP(3dtk)
.PP
Callback Routines and Window Procedures (DECtalk Software Programmer's
Guide)
.PP
Speech-to-Memory Mode (DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide)
