.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.4  1996/02/16  14:38:21  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Put the the . on the TH
.\" 	[1996/02/16  14:38:11  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:25  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:33:49  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:08:57  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:04:56  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechCloseInMemory" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechCloseInMemory\fP \-
Terminates the speech-to-memory capability.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechCloseInMemory\fP (LPPTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.SH Description
.PP
This function terminates the speech-to-memory capability and returns
to the startup state.  The speech samples are then ignored or sent to an
audio device, depending on the setting of the dwDeviceOptions parameter in
the startup function.
.PP
TextToSpeechOpenInMemory() must be called before
calling TextToSpeechCloseinMemory().
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR
@T{
Output to memory not enabled or unable
to create a system object.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechOpenInMemory\fP(3dtk)
