.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/11/19  12:22:15  Cathy_Page
.\" 	Updated references to DECtalk documentation to reflect correct name.
.\" 	[1996/11/19  12:20:20  Cathy_Page]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/21  14:52:06  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Initial Creation
.\" 	[1996/02/21  14:51:55  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.\" This manpage source uses rsml coding. 
.\"
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/sml
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/rsml
.TH emacspeak 1
.SH NAME
.PP
\*Lemacspeak\*O - Speech enables emacs. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.sS
\*Lemacspeak\*O
is an emacs subsystem that provides speech feedback using synthesized speech.  The basic concepts used by Emacspeak are simple; all Emacs cursor movement commands as well as the various input-output functions are adapted to provide speech feedback.  Hence, a user can use Emacs as they normally would; emacspeak works behind the scenes to give audio feedback in addition to updating the screen.
.SH ACCESSING EMACSPEAK
.PP
.sS
To access emacspeak, you must choose to install emacspeak during DECtalk Software Runtime installation.
.PP
All emacspeak  
files end up in the directory \*L/usr/opt/DTKRT420/emacspeak\*O at the end of installation.
.PP
At this point, to use emacspeak change directory (\*Lcd\*O) over to \*L/usr/opt/DTKRT420/emacspeak/Macros\*O and type: \*Lmake help\*O.  Follow the instructions to complete installing emacspeak.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\*Ldectalk\*O(1)
.PP
\*Lemacspeak-README.txt\*O - In /usr/opt/DTKRT420/emacspeak/docs/ascii
.PP
\*Lemacspeak.ps\*O - In /usr/opt/DTKRT420/emacspeak/docs/postscript
.SH RELATED INFORMATION
.PP
 DECtalk Software for Digital UNIX User's Guide
