.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/11/19  12:22:17  Cathy_Page
.\" 	Updated references to DECtalk documentation to reflect correct name.
.\" 	Updated usage message to reflect correct syntax.
.\" 	[1996/11/19  12:20:24  Cathy_Page]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  19:47:23  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved from man 3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  19:46:41  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.\" This manpage source uses rsml coding. 
.\"
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/sml
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/rsml
.\"
.TH say 1 
.SH NAME
.PP
\*Lsay\*O - shell command to speak text using DECtalk Software

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.sS
\*Lsay \*O\*L[-h] [-s #] [-r #] [-d #] [-e #] [-fi filename] [-fo <filename>] 
    \*O\*L[-a "text"] \*O The say program is a command line program that 
    \*Oproduces synthesized audio of the input ascii text. 
.SH FLAGS
.PP
.VL 4m
.LI "\*L-a "text"\*O"
This command line switch is followed by a quoted string.
The text in the quoted string is spoken, at the end of 
which the program returns to the shell command prompt.
.LI "\*L-d #\*O"
Is used to select the audio output device.
.LI "\*L-e #\*O"
Is used to select the the output wave file format.
.nf
Integers 1 to 3 are valid input to this option and they 
specify the following:

1 - PCM, 16 bit Mono 11 KHz format
2 - PCM, 8 bit Mono 11 KHz format
3 - Mu-law, 8 bit Mono 8 KHz format
.fi
.LI "\*L-fi <filename>\*O"
Name of an input ascii file to synthesize
.LI "\*L-fo <filename>\*O"
Output wave file name. Defaults to dtmemory.c filename
.LI "\*L-h\*O"
Displays the command line parameter list
.LI "\*L-r #\*O"
Speaking rate (75 - 650)
.LI "\*L-s #\*O"
Speaker number (1-9)
.LE

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP   
.nf
    say -a "Hello world."

    say 
    Hello world.

    say -fi README.txt

.fi             
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\*Ldectalk\*O(1) \*Laudiocontrol\*O(1mms) \*Lmmeserver\*O(1mms)

.SH RELATED INFORMATION
.PP
DECtalk Software for Digital UNIX User's Guide






