.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/11/19  12:22:21  Cathy_Page
.\" 	Updated references to DECtalk documentation to reflect correct name.
.\" 	[1996/11/19  12:20:28  Cathy_Page]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  19:47:25  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved from man 3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  19:46:46  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.\" This manpage source uses rsml coding. 
.\"
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/sml
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/rsml
.\"
.TH windict 1 
.SH NAME
.PP
\*Lwindict\*O \- A DECtalk Software dictionary building tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP 
\*Lwindict\*O 
The windict program allows DECtalk Software users to create a dictionary
with customized phonetic pronunciations for words or acronyms.
.SH FLAGS
.PP
.VL 4m
.LI "\*L-h\*O"
This help message
.EL
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP

\*LWindict\*O is a user dictionary building tool. User dictionaries 
created with windict are used by DECtalk Software.  It is used 
to create special dictionary files of words to which you have 
changed the pronunciation. Dictionary work files are compiled 
into dictionaries in windict and can then be loaded into DECtalk 
Software application. 

The syntax is (coffee [t'iy]) a word or letter string to be 
pronounced (called a grapheme string) followed by a phoneme string. 
A line can have up to 256 characters.

A grapheme (letter) string is comprised of legal graphemes. Legal 
graphemes are: a-z, 0-9 and select punctuation marks (", !, @, &, (, 
), -, \, and /).  These characters cannot be used at the beginning of
the grapheme string. Uppercase letters match only uppercase; lowercase 
letters match either uppercase or lowercase.

The phoneme string is made up of legal phonemes.  Phonemes are always 
in square brackets but may be in either uppercase or lowercase. For 
example, to make the word "coffee" be pronounced "tea", enter the following:

          coffee  [t'iy]

If you want the dictionary just created to become your default user 
dictionary, copy it into your login directory and rename it 
\*Luser.dic\*O. Every time you run \*Lspeak\*O, it will automatically 
load \*Luser.dic\*O as the default user dictionary.

Dictionary files other than \*Luser.dic\*O have no name or location restrictions 
other than those of your operating system. These files can be loaded 
whenever you want to use them. 

.SH RESTRICTIONS
.PP

An entry must start at the first character of the line.  Starting on any 
character other than the first makes the line a comment, and it will, 
therefore, not be processed.

Input files have the default extension of .tab but can be any legal 
alphanumeric. Output dictionary files have the extension of .dic and must 
have that extension for the loader to find the file correctly. If no 
output file is specified, a file with the same name and .dic 
extension is created for the output.

Assume that DECtalk Software pronounces all words, even the most 
difficult ones correctly. Unknown words are searched in the order in 
which they are loaded.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\*Ldectalk\*O(1) \*Lspeak\*O(1) \*Lsay\*O(1) \*Laclock\*O(1)
\*Lmailtalk\*O(1)

.SH RELATED INFORMATION
.PP
DECtalk Software for Digital UNIX User's Guide

