.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/11/19  12:22:15  Cathy_Page
.\" 	Updated references to DECtalk documentation to reflect correct name.
.\" 	[1996/11/19  12:20:20  Cathy_Page]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/21  14:52:06  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Initial Creation
.\" 	[1996/02/21  14:51:55  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.\" This manpage source uses rsml coding. 
.\"
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/sml
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/rsml
.TH emacspeak 1dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH NAME
.PP
\*Lemacspeak\*O \- Speech-enables emacs
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\*Lemacspeak\*O is an emacs subsystem that provides speech feedback using
synthesized speech.  The basic concepts used by Emacspeak are simple; all
Emacs cursor movement commands as well as the various input-output functions
are adapted to provide speech feedback.  Hence, a user can use Emacs as they
normally would; emacspeak works behind the scenes to give audio feedback in
addition to updating the screen.
.SH ACCESSING EMACSPEAK
.PP
To access emacspeak under Tru64 UNIX, you must choose to install emacspeak
during DECtalk Software runtime kit installation.
.PP
All emacspeak files end up in the directory
\*L/usr/opt/DTKRTnnn/emacspeak\*O, where nnn denotes the DECtalk Software
version, at the end of installation.
.PP
To use emacspeak after runtime kit installation, change directory (\*Lcd\*O)
over to \*L/usr/opt/DTKRTnnn/emacspeak/Macros\*O and type: \*Lmake help\*O.
Follow the instructions to complete installing emacspeak.
.SH RELATED INFORMATION
.PP
\*Ldectalk\*O(1dtk)
.PP
\*Lemacspeak-README.txt\*O - In /usr/opt/DTKRTnnn/emacspeak/docs/ascii
.PP
\*Lemacspeak.ps\*O - In /usr/opt/DTKRTnnn/emacspeak/docs/postscript
.PP
DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide
.PP
DECtalk Software Installation Guide
