.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/11/19  12:22:17  Cathy_Page
.\" 	Updated references to DECtalk documentation to reflect correct name.
.\" 	Updated usage message to reflect correct syntax.
.\" 	[1996/11/19  12:20:24  Cathy_Page]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  19:47:23  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved from man 3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  19:46:41  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\" 
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.\" This manpage source uses rsml coding. 
.\"
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/sml
.so /usr/share/lib/tmac/rsml
.\"
.TH say 1dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH NAME
.PP
\*Lsay\*O \- Shell command to speak text using DECtalk Software
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.sS
\*Lsay \*O\*L[-h] [-s #] [-r #] [-d #] [-e #] [-fi filename] [-fo <filename>] 
    \*O\*L[-a "text"]\*O
.sE    
.SH FLAGS
.PP
.VL 4m
.LI "\*L-a """"text""""\*O"
Specifies a quoted string to be spoken, at the end of 
which the program returns to the shell command prompt.
.LI "\*L-d #\*O"
Selects the audio output device.
.LI "\*L-e #\*O"
Selects the output wave file format, an integer in the range 1 to 3:
.nf
1 - PCM, 16 bit Mono 11 KHz format
2 - PCM, 8 bit Mono 11 KHz format
3 - Mu-law, 8 bit Mono 8 KHz format
.fi
.LI "\*L-fi <filename>\*O"
Specifies the name of an input ASCII file to synthesize.
.LI "\*L-fo <filename>\*O"
Specifies the output wave file name.  The name defaults to the
dtmemory.c filename.
.LI "\*L-h\*O"
Displays the command line parameter list.
.LI "\*L-r #\*O"
Specifies the speaking rate (75 to 650).
.LI "\*L-s #\*O"
Selects the speaker (1 to 9).
.LE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The say program is a command line program that 
produces synthesized audio of the input ascii text. 
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP   
.nf
    say -a "Hello world."

    say 
    Hello world.

    say -fi README.txt
.fi             
.SH RELATED INFORMATION
.PP
\*Ldectalk\*O(1dtk), \*Laudiocontrol\*O(1mms), \*Lmmeserver\*O(1mms)
.PP
DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide


