.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:38  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:15  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:27  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:29  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP \-
Initiates wave-file mode, allowing speech samples to be written in wave
format into a specified wave file.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                                     LPSTR \fIpszFileName\fP,
                                     DWORD \fIdwFormat\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "LPSTR \fIpszFileName\fP" 20
Specifies a pointer to a wave file name.
.IP "DWORD \fIdwFormat\fP" 20
Determines the
audio sample format. It can be one of the following constants,
which are defined in include files mmsystem.h and ttsapi.h:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
WAVE_FORMAT_1M08
@T{
Mono 8-bit, 11.025 kHz sample rate
T}
.sp
WAVE_FORMAT_1M16
@T{
Mono 16-bit, 11.025 kHz sample rate
T}
.sp
WAVE_FORMAT_08M08
@T{
Mono 8-bit, mu-law 8 kHz sample
rate
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH Description
.PP
This function opens the specified wave file and causes the text-to-speech
system to enter the wave-file mode,
in which speech samples are written in wave format
into the wave file each time TextToSpeechSpeak() is called.
The text-to-speech system remains in the wave-file mode
until TextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile() is called.
.PP
The startup function must be called to start the text-to-speech system
before calling TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile().
.PP
TextToSpeechOpenWaveOutFile() automatically resumes audio ouput if the
text-to-speech system is in a paused state due to a previous
TextToSpeechPause() call.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM
@T{
An invalid parameter or
an illegal wave output format was passed.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM
@T{
Memory allocation error.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ALLOCATED
@T{
A wave file is already open.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR
@T{
Unable to open the wave file or unable
to write to the wave file.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
Wave-File Mode (DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide)
.PP
\fITextToSpeechCloseWaveOutFile\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechPause\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechReset\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechSpeak\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechStartup\fP(3dtk),
\fITextToSpeechStartupEx\fP(3dtk)

