.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:46  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:28  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:45  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:50  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechSetRate" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechSetRate\fP \-
Sets the text-to-speech speaking rate.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechSetRate\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                             DWORD \fIdwRate\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "DWORD \fIdwRate\fP" 20
Sets the speaking rate. Valid values
range from 75 to 600 words per minute.
.SH Description
.PP
This function sets the text-to-speech speaking rate.
The speaking rate change is not effective until the next phrase
boundary. All the queued audio encountered before the phrase
boundary is unaffected.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM
@T{
An invalid parameter was passed.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechGetRate\fP(3dtk)
