.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.4  1996/02/16  15:52:31  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Removed extrblank space
.\" 	[1996/02/16  15:52:02  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:31  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:00  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:20:53  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:20:30  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechGetRate" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechGetRate\fP \-
Returns the current setting of the speaking rate.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechGetRate\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                             LPDWORD \fIpdwRate\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "LPDWORD \fIpdwRate\fP" 20
Specifies a pointer to a DWORD that is used to
return the speaking
rate. Valid values range from 75 to 600 words per minute.
.SH Description
.PP
This function returns the current setting of the speaking rate.
.PP
The current setting of the speaking rate is returned even if the
speaking rate change has not yet occurred.  This may occur when the
TextToSpeechSetRate() function is used without the TextToSpeechSync()
function. The speaking-rate change
occurs on clause boundaries.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT.
The value is zero if the function is successful. The return value
is one of the following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechSetRate\fP(3dtk)
