.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:34  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:08  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:18  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:19  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECTalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary\fP \-
Loads a user-defined pronunciation dictionary into the text-to-speech
system.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechLoadUserDictionary\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                                        LPSTR \fIpszFileName\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "LPSTR \fIpszFileName\fP" 20
Specifies a pointer to a NULL-terminated string that specifies
the name of the user dictionary file to be loaded.
.SH Description
.PP
This function loads a dictionary created by the windict or userdict applet
into the text-to-speech system.  Any previously loaded user dictionary must
be unloaded before loading a new user dictionary.  Note that the
text-to-speech system will automatically load a user dictionary,
udict_xx.dic (Linux) or user.dic (Tru64 UNIX),
at startup if it exists in the home directory.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The return value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_NOMEM
@T{
Unable to allocate memory for the dictionary.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM
@T{
Dictionary file not found or an invalid dictionary file name.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR
@T{
Illegal dictionary format or a dictionary is already loaded.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
Dictionary Functions (DECtalk Software Programmer's Guide)
.PP
\fITextToSpeechUnloadUserDictionary\fP(3dtk)
