.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:47  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:34:31  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:11:48  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:56  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechSetSpeaker" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechSetSpeaker\fP \-
Sets the voice of the speaker that the text-to-speech system is to use.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechSetSpeaker\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP,
                                SPEAKER_T \fISpeaker\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.IP "SPEAKER_T \fISpeaker\fP" 20
Selects a speaker from the following
list. These values are defined in include file ttsapi.h:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Speaker@Description
.sp 6p
PAUL
@T{
Default (male) voice
T}
.sp
HARRY
@T{
Full male voice
T}
.sp
FRANK
@T{
Aged male voice
T}
.sp
DENNIS
@T{
Male voice
T}
.sp
BETTY
@T{
Full female voice
T}
.sp
URSULA
@T{
Aged female voice
T}
.sp
WENDY
@T{
Whispering female voice
T}
.sp
RITA
@T{
Female voice
T}
.sp
KIT
@T{
Child's voice
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH Description
.PP
This function sets the voice of the speaker that the text-to-speech system
is to use.
The change in speaking voice is not effective until the next
phrase boundary. All queued audio encountered before the phrase
boundary is unaffected.
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALPARAM
@T{
An invalid parameter was passed.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechGetSpeaker\fP(3dtk)
