.\"
.\" @DEC_COPYRIGHT@
.\"
.\"
.\" HISTORY
.\" Revision 1.1.2.4  1996/02/16  15:52:28  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Removed extrblank space
.\" 	[1996/02/16  15:51:58  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.3  1996/02/15  22:52:26  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Added Synopsis
.\" 	[1996/02/15  22:33:52  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" Revision 1.1.2.2  1996/02/15  20:10:59  Krishna_Mangipudi
.\" 	Moved to man3
.\" 	[1996/02/15  20:05:00  Krishna_Mangipudi]
.\"
.\" $EndLog$
.\"
.TH "TextToSpeechCloseLogFile" 3dtk "" "" "" "DECtalk" ""
.SH Name
.PP
\fBTextToSpeechCloseLogFile\fP \-
Closes a log file.
.SH Syntax
.EX
MMRESULT \fBTextToSpeechCloseLogFile\fP (LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP)
.EE
.SH Parameters
.IP "LPTTS_HANDLE_T \fIphTTS\fP" 20
Specifies an opened text-to-speech handle.
.SH Description
.PP
This function closes a log file opened by the TextToSpeechOpenLogFile()
function and returns to the startup state.  The speech samples are then
ignored or sent to an audio device, depending on the setting of the
dwDeviceOptions parameter in the startup function.
.PP
TextToSpeechCloseLogFile() closes any open log file, even if it was opened
with the Log voice-control command.
.PP
The application must have called TextToSpeechOpenLogFile() before calling
TextToSpeechCloseLogFile().
.SH Return Values
.PP
This function returns a value of type MMRESULT. The value is zero
if the function is successful. The return value is one of the
following constants:
.PP
.TS
tab(@);
lfR lw(4i)fR .
.sp 4p
Constant@Description
.sp 6p
MMSYSERR_NOERROR
@T{
Normal successful completion (zero).
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_ERROR
@T{
Failure to wait for pending speech,
unable to close the output file, or no output file is
open.
T}
.sp
MMSYSERR_INVALHANDLE
@T{
The text-to-speech handle was invalid.
T}
.sp
.TE
.PP
.SH See Also
.PP
\fITextToSpeechOpenLogFile\fP(3dtk)
